"Classes that violate the Liskov Substitution Principle (LSP) are those where a subclass cannot be used as a substitute for its superclass without affecting the correctness of the program. In the given examples, the classes that violate LSP are: \n\n- Rectangle and Square: A Square is a special type of Rectangle, but a Rectangle is not necessarily a Square. This is because a Rectangle can have any length and width, whereas a Square has equal length and width. \n\n- Polygon and Rectangle: A Polygon is a general term that can refer to any shape with multiple sides, but a Rectangle is a specific type of Polygon with four sides. \n\n- Triangle and Polyhedron: A Polyhedron is a three-dimensional shape with multiple faces, but a Triangle is a two-dimensional shape. \n\n- Circle and Oval: A Circle is a special type of Oval with equal radius in all directions, but an Oval is a general term that can refer to any shape with an elliptical cross-section. \n\n- Prismatic Joint and other types of Joints: A Prismatic Joint is a type of joint that allows for linear motion, but other types of joints, such as revolute or spherical joints, have different properties and behaviors. \n\n- Symmetrical Core and other types of shapes: A Symmetrical Core is a specific type of shape with symmetrical properties, but other types of shapes, such as asymmetrical shapes or shapes with different symmetries, do not have the same properties. \n\n- Bar Magnet and other types of magnets: A Bar Magnet is a specific type of magnet with a particular shape and properties, but other types of magnets, such as ring magnets or spherical magnets, have different properties and behaviors. \n\n- Horseshoe and other types of shapes: A Horseshoe is a specific type of shape with a particular geometry, but other types of shapes, such as rectangles or triangles, do not have the same properties. \n\n- Lok Sabha's hall and other types of halls: Lok Sabha's hall is a specific type of hall with a particular design and properties, but other types of halls, such as conference halls or auditoriums, have different properties and behaviors. \n\n- Phi and other types of angles: Phi is a specific type of angle with a particular value, but other types of angles, such as acute or obtuse angles, have different properties and behaviors. \n\n- SymmetricalCore function and other types of functions:"